To setup the code:

1. Unzip the contents of the supplied zip file to a location on your personal computer.
2. Make sure you have python 3.7 installed (or newer, newest version may be inconsistent).
3. Make sure you have pip installed.
* We recommend using a GPU, since training a DeepONet can require large computational resources.
If that is the case, a proper installation of the GPU drivers (such as CUDE integration, etc.) is expected.
4. Open a command line interface and switch to the project folder.
5. Run 'pip install -r requirements.txt' from within the project folder. (Typical installation time on "normal" desktop computer is < 2 mins.)

To use the code:

The usage of the code is through a file called 'configs.py' located in the root of the project folder.
1. To train a DeepONet, choose the desired parameters (such as the dimension, the problem, the domain size, etc.).
2. Set the variable 'ITERATION_METHOD' to 'DeepONet'.
* This will automatically create data, train a DeepONet and finally throw an error.
The reason for that is the code is able to do 'Only DeepONet' mode, which is not intended in most cases of HINTS.
3. During training, the folder 'debug_figs' will start logging images based on the plotting interval config.
These help monitor the training and see that the network trains well.
4. After training is done, a model is saved into models folder.
5. Set the variable 'ITERATION_METHOD' to 'Numerical_DeepONet_Hybrid' to run the HINTS.
6. The outputs are logged into the outputs folder. (Typical run time for 1D examples is < 10 mins, including training of DeepONet. Expected output is reported in manuscript, see for example convergence plots on Figure 3B for 1D Poisson equation and HINTS-Jacobi solver.)

To train another DeepONet (change the problem/scenario) the results.npz file in the output folder needs to be deleted.
Alternatively, the flag 'FORCE_RETRAIN' can be set to True.

* We recommend changing the name of the models and the datasets at the bottom of the configs file as per the simulation one wishes to run.
